README.md, before:

# Tech Learning Playground 🚀

This is a monorepo project that contains multiple subprojects. The subfolders in `projects` will be initialized with various tools such as Next.js, tRPC, Prisma, etc. 🛠️

## Project Structure 📁

### Global Configuration Files ⚙️

- `.gitignore`: Specifies the files and directories to ignore when committing to Git. 🙈
- `.prettierignore`: Specifies the files and directories to ignore when running Prettier. 🧹
- `.prettierrc`: Configuration file for Prettier. 🖌️
- `.vscode/settings.json`: Configuration file for VS Code's settings. ⚙️
- `package.json`: Configuration file for npm. 📦

### GitHub Actions 🚀

- `.github/workflows`: Configuration file for GitHub Actions. 🤖

### Subprojects 📂

- `projects/next-app`: Directory for initializing Next.js app. 🚀
- `projects/next-pages`: Directory for creating Next.js pages. 📄
- `projects/trcp`: Directory for initializing trpc project. 🌐
- `projects/prisma`: Directory for initializing Prisma project. 📊
- `projects/trpc-prisma`: Directory for initializing trpc and Prisma project. 🌐📊

### Documentation 📖

- `README.md`: Documentation for the project. ℹ️

## Initialization 🚀

To initialize a subproject, navigate to the corresponding directory in the `projects` folder and use the appropriate tool, such as `create-next-app` for initializing a Next.js app. 🛠️🏗️

Commit message:

docs: Update global configuration files documentation

README.md, after:

# Tech Learning Playground 🚀

This is a monorepo project that contains multiple subprojects. The subfolders in `projects` will be initialized with various tools such as Next.js, tRPC, Prisma, etc. 🛠️

## Project Structure 📁

### Global Configuration Files ⚙️

- `.eslintignore`: Specifies the files and directories to ignore when running ESLint. 🚫
- `.eslintrc.json`: Configuration file for ESLint. ⚙️
- `.gitignore`: Specifies the files and directories to ignore when committing to Git. 🙈
- `.prettierignore`: Specifies the files and directories to ignore when running Prettier. 🧹
- `.prettierrc`: Configuration file for Prettier. 🖌️
- `.vscode/settings.json`: Configuration file for VS Code's settings. ⚙️
- `package.json`: Configuration file for npm. 📦

### GitHub Actions 🚀

- `.github/workflows`: Configuration file for GitHub Actions. 🤖

### Subprojects 📂

- `projects/next-app`: Directory for initializing Next.js app. 🚀
- `projects/next-pages`: Directory for creating Next.js pages. 📄
- `projects/trcp`: Directory for initializing trpc project. 🌐
- `projects/prisma`: Directory for initializing Prisma project. 📊
- `projects/trpc-prisma`: Directory for initializing trpc and Prisma project. 🌐📊

### Documentation 📖

- `README.md`: Documentation for the project. ℹ️

## Initialization 🚀

To initialize a subproject, navigate to the corresponding directory in the `projects` folder and use the appropriate tool, such as `create-next-app` for initializing a Next.js app. 🛠️🏗️
